Release Review: NetworkInsights r1.3 (public) (#68)
camaraproject/NetworkInsights: CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-r1.md

* @cnzj-Gc made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkInsights/pull/6
* @hdamker-bot made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkInsights/pull/13
* @ChinaUnicomXiaoDongrui made their first contribution in https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkInsights/pull/36

</details>
<!-- END:AUTOGENERATED:CANDIDATE_CHANGES -->

## network-health-assessment 0.1.0

**network-health-assessment 0.1.0 is the first public release version of the Network Insights API**

- API definition **with inline documentation**:
  - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/NetworkInsights/r1.3/code/API_definitions/network-health-assessment.yaml&nocors)
  - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://camaraproject.github.io/swagger-ui/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/NetworkInsights/r1.3/code/API_definitions/network-health-assessment.yaml)
  - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkInsights/blob/r1.3/code/API_definitions/network-health-assessment.yaml)

### Added

> This is the initial release,  the network-health-assessment API allows users to query network health scores, enabling them to intuitively view the overall network health status and enhancing visualization capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the initial version of the the network-health-assessment API. It allows API consumers to query network health scores, enabling them to intuitively display the overall network health status and enhancing visualization capabilities.
```

### Changed

Update API definitions for Commonalities r4.3 compliance

### Fixed

> * _To be filled during release review_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* N/A
```

### Removed

> * _To be filled during release review_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* N/A
```

## network-traffic-analysis 0.1.0

> **network-traffic-analysis 0.1.0 is the first public release version of the Network Insights API**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**network-traffic-analysis 0.1.0 is the first public version of the Network Insights API**
```

- API definition **with inline documentation**:
  - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/NetworkInsights/r1.3/code/API_definitions/network-traffic-analysis.yaml&nocors)
  - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://camaraproject.github.io/swagger-ui/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/NetworkInsights/r1.3/code/API_definitions/network-traffic-analysis.yaml)
  - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/NetworkInsights/blob/r1.3/code/API_definitions/network-traffic-analysis.yaml)

### Added

> This is the initial release, the network-traffic-analysis API provides time-based queries for individual service requests, including access counts and uplink/downlink traffic. This facilitates the analysis of overall network load conditions and provides analytical support for subsequent resource allocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the initial version of the network-traffic-analysis API. It provides time-based queries for individual service requests, including access counts and uplink/downlink traffic. This facilitates the analysis of overall network load conditions and provides analytical support for subsequent resource allocation.
```

### Changed

Update API definitions for Commonalities r4.3 compliance

### Fixed

> * _To be filled during release review_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* N/A
```

### Removed

> * _To be filled during release review_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* N/A
```
